Add readme documentation for demos (#246)
nrf-rs/nrf-hal: README.md

### i2s-peripheral-demo (Audio)

The Inter-IC Sound interface 'peripheral mode (aka slave mode)' demo. This demonstrates full duplex communication between a controller and peripheral mode I2S peripheral using the EasyDMA capabilities of the chip. 

### lpcomp-demo (Analog Pins)

The low power comparator demo. This demo shows how you would keep the device in low power mode and power it up when an analog voltage on a pin changes with respect to a voltage on a reference pin.

### ppi-demo (Channels)

The programmable peripheral interconnect (PPI) demo. The PPI allows peripherals to interact with each other without having to go through the CPU. Note that you need to choose a default feature in order for this demo to build. See above. This demo uses the Bluetooth RADIO peripheral as an example but does nothing special with Bluetooth itself so this is not the demo to learn about that capability.

### pwm-demo (Digital Pins)

The pulse width modulation demo. This demonstrates various PWM use cases by allowing the user to press buttons to change demo modes. This outputs PWM signals to the built in LEDs on the nRF52840-DK.

### qdec-demo (Sensor Decoding)

> The quadrature decoder (QDEC) demo. This peripheral supports buffered decoding of quadrature-encoded sensor signals (typically used for mechanical and optical sensors). The demo reads a byte value from two input pins expected to contain qdec encoded data at a given frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quadrature decoder (QDEC) demo. This peripheral supports buffered decoding of quadrature-encoded sensor signals (typically used for mechanical and optical sensors). The demo shows how to use a rotary encoder to trigger an interrupt and update a variable by the amount of rotation. (nRF52840 + Bourns PEC11R rotary encoder)
```

### twi-ssd1306 (Digital Pins)

I2C compatible Two-Wire Interface with the SSD1306 OLED Display demo. This demo uses the TWIM (Two-Wire Interface Master) peripheral along with the embedded_graphics library to draw "Hello Rust!" to an OLED screen. Note that you need to set a default feature to get this to compile (see "Running the demos" section).

### twim-demo (Digital Pins)

I2C compatible Two-Wire Interface Master mode demo. This demo uses the TWIM peripheral to read and write 8 bytes of data to arbitrary addresses on a device that is connected to the I2C pins p0_30 and p0_31. It demonstrates error handling if the device does not respond properly (or it is not connected).

### twis-demo (Digital Pins)

I2C compatible Two-Wire Interface Slave mode demo. This demo uses the twis peripheral with rtic to listen for I2C signals which are exposed as events. The event handler reads data from the peripheral at the address specified.

### wdt-demo (Timer)

> Watchdog timer demo. This demonstrates the how the entire device can be set to automatically reset if certain conditions are not met within a certain period of time. In this case you have to press all 4 buttons at least once within a 5 second period to prevent a reset. If you mash the buttons for a while you will encounter an 'attempt to subtract with overflow' panic at `main.rs:205` which is ultimately cleared by the watchdog timer. This is intended demo behaviour ;)

Reviewer 2: I think the individual demo descriptions should go into the demo's directory. That keeps all information related to a demo in a single directory and makes it easier to update.

Author: Thanks, I’ll make that change when I’m back at my desk on Tuesday. Strange thing was that cargo got all confused when I put a dedicated README.md file in the examples folder. I’ll experiment.

Author: Ok I've moved the demo related docs to its own file. Cargo was not confused, I was.

Reviewer 2: I meant that we should put a small readme into *each* demo, which would avoid the CI issues. That way, all information for a demo is located in its directory instead of being scattered.

Author: Oh, I see. Some of the demos already have their own readme files. I wanted to add a quick reference guide targeted at developers unfamiliar with all the acronyms. Something to skim over when looking for a feature. For example. I was specifically looking for a bluetooth example (for which there are currently no dedicated examples) and I had to go through each demo to find it. I also didn't know how to run the demos and it's probably wasefull to repeat that information for each demo.

Reviewer 2: Yeah the "how to run" info is fine to just put in the main readme once.

Author: Ok I will go ahead and create readme files for all the demos. Can I at least list the demos (and what their acronyms mean) in the main demo readme file? Things like ccm, comp, ecb, ppi, etc may be familiar to some but not to others.

Reviewer 2: Yeah that's fine. I just don't want to put all the details there since they might change.

Author: Ok fair enough, cheers.

Author: I've moved the bulk of the text to the relevant readme files for each demo and left a short title for each demo in their place in the form of a table in the readme file in the root of the examples folder. Should I move this detail back to the readme in the root of the project itself and delete the readme in the examples folder or leave it as-is?

Author: Hi, I reread your comments and figured that you would have wanted me to add the detail to the main readme instead of creating a new one in the examples folder. I've gone ahead and done this. Sorry about the confusion.

Author: > 
> 
> Yeah that's fine. I just don't want to put all the details there since they might change.

Hey I'm not sure if you have unsubscribed from this thread. Just a reminder to check out the latest if you have. I'd like to contribute more to this repo and picked up [#60](url) which is marked as a good first issue. I'd like to help out with code reviews if you have a backlog of PRs to work though and feel pressed for time. Or some other github issue, whatever helps.

David

| [twis-demo](./twis-demo/README.md)                    | Digital Pins      | I2C compatible Two-Wire Interface Slave mode demo                     |
| [wdt-demo](./wdt-demo/README.md)                      | Timer             | Watchdog timer demo                                                   |

## Running the Examples

Each demo readme should contain instructions on how to run it. However, the information below describes the technologies used and can be used to troubleshoot your system setup. Run the demos from within their respective project directories. E.g. to run `ccm-demo`, you must be in the `nrf-hal/examples/ccm-demo/` directory and run `cargo run`.
> Since the demos are stand-alone projects you would **NOT** typically run them with `cargo run --example xyz-demo` like some cargo projects are configured to do.

There are many ways to setup programming and debugging with an embedded device. Here we will describe how to do this on the nRF52840-DK using the [probe-rs](https://probe.rs/) set of tools. 

### Once Off System Setup

Install the cross compilation toolchain to target the device.
```console

> $ rustup target add thumbv7em-none-eabihf

Reviewer 2: This is not the right target for all chips

Author: This a an example target. I have changed the wording above the command to give it more context.

```

> Install the tools to program and run on the device. See [probe-rs](https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs) for more details on other required dependencies.

Reviewer 2: probe-run is not part of probe-rs, and has no extra dependencies

Author: Removed

```console

> $ cargo install probe-run

Reviewer 2: We should not suggest probe-run as the default way to run the examples. The examples are not set up with probe-run, they still use cargo-embed (or OpenOCD + GDB, actually). I would be fine with moving them over to probe-run, but that should be done in a different PR.

Author: Good point. I have removed the references to probe-run and updated the main readme file accordingly.
